README.md, before:

# Fullstack Student
[![CICD](https://github.com/kuri-sun/fullstack_student/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/kuri-sun/fullstack_student/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

This is Fullstack Application for maintaining student information.
These are the list of technologies that I brought into this application.
 - Spring Boot Backend API
 - Spring Data JPA
 - Frontend with React.js Hooks and Functions Components
 - Databases using Postgres on Docker
 - Server and Client Side Error Handling
 - Packaging applications for deployment using Docker and Jib
 - AWS RDS, ECS, ECR, Route53...etc
 - Software Deployment Automation(CICD) with Github Actions
 - Deploy frontend to Netlify, backend to AWS
 - Unit Testing and Integration Testing

You can see the application from below. <br/>
https://fullstack-student.netlify.app/  <br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175753658-674cb7eb-68ad-4ef5-bb67-5e9b152e4739.png" alt="looks"/> <br/>
(Figure.1) Application looks <br/><br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175755021-b1ba7e45-3f4a-4cf1-8e3f-6b668100702f.jpeg" alt="app and cloud"/>  <br/>
(Figure.2) Application and Cloud Architecture <br/><br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175754999-247d12b5-bae1-4aa2-81ea-ce8f01c1dec1.jpeg" alt="cicd"/> <br/>
(Figure.3) CICD pipeline flow <br/>

# License

    Copyright 2022 Haruki Kuriwada

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

chagen cloud provider aws to heroku

README.md, after:

# Fullstack Student
[![CICD](https://github.com/kuri-sun/fullstack_student/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/kuri-sun/fullstack_student/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

**Currently deploy this application on heroku, because of my budget.

This is Fullstack Application for maintaining student information.
These are the list of technologies that I brought into this application.
 - Spring Boot Backend API
 - Spring Data JPA
 - Frontend with React.js Hooks and Functions Components
 - Databases using Postgres on Docker
 - Server and Client Side Error Handling
 - Packaging applications for deployment using Docker and Jib
 - AWS RDS, ECS, ECR, Route53...etc
 - Software Deployment Automation(CICD) with Github Actions
 - Deploy frontend to Netlify, backend to AWS
 - Unit Testing and Integration Testing

You can see the application from below. <br/>
https://fullstack-student.netlify.app/  <br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175753658-674cb7eb-68ad-4ef5-bb67-5e9b152e4739.png" alt="looks"/> <br/>
(Figure.1) Application looks <br/><br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175755021-b1ba7e45-3f4a-4cf1-8e3f-6b668100702f.jpeg" alt="app and cloud"/>  <br/>
(Figure.2) Application and Cloud Architecture <br/><br/> 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62743644/175754999-247d12b5-bae1-4aa2-81ea-ce8f01c1dec1.jpeg" alt="cicd"/> <br/>
(Figure.3) CICD pipeline flow <br/>

# License

    Copyright 2022 Haruki Kuriwada

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
